README.md, before:

# _Programming Language Selector_

#### _Not only learn about different programming languages,but learn which is best for you! June 6th, 2020_

#### By _**Chris Brauch**_

## Description

The purpose of this project is to not only inform the reader of different programming languages and how each works, but also will suggest to the user which one would be optimal for them to begin learning!

## Setup/Installation Requirements

* _Clone this repository on https://github.com/cmbrauch/programming-selector.git
* _Open it in VS Code_
* _Run the command open index.html

## Known Bugs

_While the scripts.js work in both VScode preview as well as opening index.html directly from the desktop, the code seems to not run when viewed using an html reader from github_

_Only the selection of Spring, Summer, Fall, and Winter will return the user with an input suggestion on which programming language they should pursue.

## Support and contact details

Please contact any author with questions, comments, or concerns!

Chris Brauch <cmbrauch00@gmail.com>

## Technologies Used

_Made in Windows 10_
_VS-Code_
_Javascript_
_CSS_

### License

This Software is licensed under the MIT license.

Copyright (c) 2020**_Epicodus_**

Commit message:

update a few errors and, also a correction in bugs

README.md, after:

# _Programming Language Selector_

#### _Not only learn about different programming languages, but learn which is best for you! June 6th, 2020_

#### By _**Chris Brauch**_

## Description

The purpose of this project is to not only inform the reader of different programming languages and how each works, but also will suggest to the user which one would be optimal for them to begin learning!

## Setup/Installation Requirements

* _Clone this repository on https://github.com/cmbrauch/programming-selector.git
* _Open it in VS Code_
* _Run the command open index.html

## Known Bugs

_While the scripts.js work in both VScode preview as well as opening index.html directly from the desktop, the code seems to not run when viewed using an html reader from github_**Appears it could be an issue in delay between upload and update in gh-pages

_Only the selection of Spring, Summer, Fall, and Winter will return the user with an input suggestion on which programming language they should pursue._**Partially corrected, changed input from 4 seasons to 12 zodiac signs, to give user a stronger feel of valid inputs.

## Support and contact details

Please contact any author with questions, comments, or concerns!

Chris Brauch <cmbrauch00@gmail.com>

## Technologies Used

_Made in Windows 10_
_VS-Code_
_Javascript_
_CSS_

### License

This Software is licensed under the MIT license.

Copyright (c) 2020**_Epicodus_**
